welcome back to movie on today i'm going
to explain the movie called perfume from
2006.
this movie was based on a german novel
named perfume the story of a murderer
written by patrick siskind some
legendary people came to earth for some
legendary purpose
exactly like this a man born in this
world with the world's best sense of
smell to make us feel the best of
perfumes
this man controlled a whole kingdom with
the smell of his perfume he got the
recognition as an angel even after
killing people
at the beginning of the movie we saw
that a man named john baptiste is locked
in a prison
he was with chains and he was dragged
outside many people were standing and
screaming outside
they were calling him a murderer he was
hated by everyone
he was sentenced to death in front of
the people
it was not just any normal sentence of
death his hands and legs will be broken
first and then he will be hanged
everyone became so happy with this
decision
all of them were celebrating it
who is this john baptiste what was his
crime
why does everyone hate him so much
to know all these answers we have to go
back and see a flashback
we saw that the time was 1738 the place
was paris
the grossest and unclean place in paris
was the fish market we saw a female fish
vendor here and she was pregnant
suddenly she felt pain and she gave
birth to her baby
john baptiste was born in the most badly
smelling place in beautiful paris
before him his mom gave birth to four
more kids but some of them were dead and
some of them disabled
his mom threw them into the river
this baby was also born unconscious so
she was about to throw him away as well
but he was not just any ordinary kid he
had the most powerful sense of smell
he had the power to describe and analyze
every possible smell in this world
the baby could not tolerate all the bad
smells around him and he cried
people around him came there and then
his mom could not throw him away
she ran away from there but then his mom
was sentenced to death for this crime
john baptiste had some power that he was
with someone then they would have
everything they need but when he left
them somehow they would die
they took the baby to an orphanage there
was not enough space in this orphanage
that's why the other kids tried to kill
this new baby
but then the caretaker of the orphanage
saw it and saved the kid
but this did not mean that she loved
kids
she was dependent on these kids to live
her life
she would sell them in different
industries when they got a little older
the situation in the orphanage was so
piteous
they were living their life in so much
misery and pain
when they took john to the orphanage the
other kids realized that he was
different from them he was special
jean grew up he didn't talk to anyone
until he turned five
when the other kids were busy playing
games
jon would practice with his sense of
smell he would feel everything around
him with the smell
his power of smell was so powerful that
if someone throws something at him he
could catch it even without looking at
it when jean turned 13 the lady sold him
to the leather industry
but the caretaker lady also died after
she sold john
she died at the hand of some
pickpocketers
john was the victim of beating and
insults in the leather industry
in that leather industry the workers had
to work so hard that they could not live
more than five years while working there
but only jean was alive
jean worked in that industry for more
than five years which means jean was
different from everyone else
something very special was in him which
was helping him to stay alive
once his boss took him to the city to
sell leather it was the first time he
came to the city
he lived in a very gross and unclean
environment
but now he could smell nice things in
the city
while smelling the good smell he came to
a perfume store then he smelled the most
popular perfume at the time
after that he smelled another perfume
which made him go crazy over it he was
so fascinated by it that he started to
follow it
the smell was coming from the body of a
girl who was a fruit seller
the beautiful girl noticed that jean was
following her so she showed him some
fruit and asked him if he wants to buy
some
but jon does not want anything except a
good smell
he started smelling the girl's hand
the girl got scared of this strange
behavior and ran away from him
jean smelled her body and now he was
following her
at some point he found her
when he was smelling her body the girl
started screaming but then jean put his
hand on her mouth so that she could not
scream anymore and then started smelling
her body
but the girl died because he was holding
her breath for so long
john didn't realize that he had killed a
girl but he had no regret at all
the only relation he has is with good
perfumes he can do anything for a good
perfume he doesn't care about anything
as long as he gets a good perfume
but after the girl died the smell from
her body was going away
john got worried he does not lose the
smell
that night he did not sleep at all he
was thinking about how he can store the
smell from this girl's body
one of the most famous perfume makers of
that city was baldini he was so famous
one day but now he lost his fame
he was not able to sell his perfume
because of the new perfume makers
he tried to make new perfumes from new
formulas but he failed
he also tried to figure out the formula
of the most famous perfume of that time
but he could not succeed
on that day john baptiste came to his
shop to deliver leather
jean smelled the perfume of amore on
sick from his body and told him that he
can make it for him
he also told him that his nose is the
best nose of paris
first baldini did not believe him
but then he gave him a chance
john made a better perfume than amor
unseek for baldini baldini smelled it
and he felt like it was the best moment
of his life
john told him that if he keeps him to
his shop then he can make better
perfumes than this one he just needs to
teach him how to store perfume
baldini bought jon from the leather
dealer
but same as before this leather dealer
also died after selling jon
jon made some of the best perfumes with
new formulas for baldini baldini got
back his fame with these perfumes
baldini taught him so many things about
perfume he told him that a perfume has
three levels each level has four notes
you need 12 notes to make a good perfume
if the perfume is a house then these
levels are the walls of that house
and the notes are the bricks of those
walls there is a saying that there is a
13th note if you use this note then you
can make the best perfume out of it
the smell of this perfume would
hypnotize everyone it can make you feel
like you are heaven
the perfume will be this much powerful
jon was listening to him carefully and
maybe he was thinking that one day he
will make a perfume like this
john wanted to learn about storing
perfume from baldini he wanted to know
that if he gets a good smell from
something then how can he store it so
that he never loses it baldini taught
him a way of doing it he showed him how
to extract the perfume from ten thousand
roses and store it baldini made a
machine
he boils the roses here and stores the
steam coming out of the roses
and the perfume from those roses comes
out after the flower jean tried to
extract the smell of some other things
one night baldini saw that jon was
crying
jean said that baldini had lied to him
you cannot store every smell in this way
he could not store the smell of iron and
other things
jon wants to store the smell of anything
and everything
baldini saw that he had used his cat as
well he tried to extract the perfume
from the cat's body
baldini got angry at him and said that
you can't extract smell from a living
body like this
and then jon fainted there after hearing
this
he was getting sick after getting to
know that he cannot extract smell from
someone's body
he must extract the smell from body he
must learn a way to extract the smell
from someone's body
baldini got so worried after jean became
sick because his business was dependent
on jean
jean asked him for in other ways to
extract smell from a living body baldini
said that he can melt the fat from any
creature and extract the smell
but he does not know how to do this
but if he goes to greece then he can
learn it
john got prepared to go there baldini
let him go in exchange for 100 perfumes
baldini also wrote a letter for him so
that he can get a job there and learn
the technique
baldini was so happy to get 100 formulas
but same as before baldini died after
jean went far from him
his house collapsed and he died
john was going to a new city he felt
freedom for the first time in his life
he was no servant to anyone he was going
to greece through the mountains
he stayed some days in a cave
one night he dreamed about that fruit
cellar girl
the girl was near him but she could not
feel him could not see him
john woke up and started to smell his
own body he noticed that his body has no
smell
that's why the girl was not able to see
him the man who had the most powerful
nose and sense of smell
who can make any kind of perfume or
smell does not have any smell of his own
john became sad about it he thought that
he has no value that's why he decided to
make the best perfume of the world and
show them his value
while entering greece he felt that smell
once again that he felt from that fruit
cellar girl
this smell was coming from a girl named
laura
jean went to her house by following the
smell
laura was the daughter of one of the
richest men anthony
john started working for a lady named
arnolfie he was learning about two ways
to extract smell from animal fat
john wanted to make the best perfume in
this world and he was ready to do
anything for it
he can go anywhere for it he has nothing
but perfume in his top priority list
and as a result he killed a girl with
good smell and then boiled her body
but still he failed to extract the smell
from her
and then he tried to do it with a second
method
for this he hired a prostitute he
covered her body with animal fat the
prostitute got scared after seeing this
at a certain point she disagreed
she gave his money and told him to go
away
but then john killed her too
he covered her body in animal fat to
store it and then he scraped out the
animal fat from her body and boiled it
this time he was able to extract the
smell from her body
and then john made a set of 13 bottles
as baldini told him he will make the
best perfume of the world by completing
this set
and for all of these 13 bottles he needs
13 bodies of girls
one night laura throws a party for her
birthday
jon came there laura was playing hide
and seek in the party then jon was about
to attack laura but then someone came
there so that he could not kill her
but john kidnapped two twin sisters from
that party
he extracted perfume from them and
filled the first bottle
he would hide these dead bodies in some
places of the city the people of the
city were so scared about it the
government ordered a curfew in the city
everyone started to lock their female
people in their house
laura's father was also tense about his
daughter
he realized that this killer was
targeting the beautiful girls and
killing them for a special reason
and his daughter was the most beautiful
girl of the city
john baptiste had filled 12 of his
bottles by killing 12 girls
now he only needed one body to fill up
the last bottle and he would kill laura
to fill it up
the church called a meeting for the 12
murders
everyone was very angry and sad
they wanted to get rid of it and then
they received the news
someone has surrendered and he said that
he's the killer
everyone got so happy after hearing it
and they started celebrating about it
but anthony didn't agree with them he
investigated it and said that he was not
the killer
the man said that he would kill the
girls and cut off their hair and then
sexually torture them
but the dead bodies had no sign of
sexual torture on them the killer killed
them with passion but no one agreed with
anthony
everyone was so happy but anthony left
the town with his daughter
but while they were getting out of the
town
jean got her smell
jon followed the smell and went to
another city with them
on the other side the cat of that
prostitute pulled out her clothes from
john's room and then the people around
his house came to his room and found 12
clothes of the 12 girls
the police were searching for john
but jon was not there he was with laura
and her father
anthony went to a hotel and he would
lock his daughter in a room always and
he would always keep the key with him
one night jon entered that hotel he took
the key and went to laura's room and he
killed her
and he filled the 13th bottle with her
body
the next day in the morning anthony
found his daughter dead in her room
he became very sad and started crying
on the other hand john had his 13th
perfume he mixed it with the other 12
perfumes and he completed the best
perfume in the world which was kind of
impossible to make and then the police
came there they arrested john
and then the story goes back to the
beginning of the movie where we saw john
and he was sentenced to death
after two days he will be hanged and
that day came
not just the people of that town many
people from outside the town came there
to watch him die
to watch this iconic murderer the guards
went to take out jon
and then jon opened his perfume bottle
and then all the guards went unconscious
from the perfume
and then we saw that jon was dressed as
a prince and he came to the stage of
beheading the executioner was fascinated
by the perfume on his body he lost his
mind and said that he was an angel and
he was not a criminal and then jon
spread the smell of his perfume with a
piece of cloth
everyone around him became fascinated by
the smell of it they felt so happy as if
they were in heaven they forgot
everything of this world they forgot
about all the discrimination and
differences and they fell in love with
each other
they started to think that john was an
angel
even laura's father came to him and
pledged himself to john
he asked john for forgiveness
john saw all of this love and felt love
for the first time
he closed his eyes and remembered about
that fruit cellar girl
he could have loved her and gotten love
by her
he could have the smell of her body for
the rest of his life
he has killed so many girls including
that fruit cellar girl for perfume and
smell
john got so sad while thinking about all
of this and he left
he was the owner of a weapon that was
the most powerful weapon in the world
he can control any nation or country
with the power he has
he can be the king and take over the
whole kingdom if he wants
but he didn't do anything like this
people were loving him praising him
because of the perfume
when the perfume will end he will have
no power left over them
he does not want this fake love and
respect
that's why he does not want this anymore
he started to think himself as a
criminal
maybe he has fulfilled his destiny but
he has lost the track of his life he has
no hope left for his life
he kept walking and reached the smelly
fish market where he was born
then he poured the whole bottle of
perfume on his head
everyone was fascinated by the smell of
it they jumped on his body they were
smelling his body so much that they tore
his body apart
the next day in the morning there was
nothing but john's clothes left on that
place
and just like that the best perfume
maker in the world the owner of the most
sensitive nose the murderer died
and the last drop of that perfume
dropped on the road maybe this is why
paris is called the city of love and
romance
to watch more explanations of this kind
of movie click on the videos on your
screen and don't forget to let me know
how you feel about today's video in the
comments down below
and at last i will say stay safe stay
well
thanks